 
 
 
QUARTERLY COMMENTARY 
Oakmark International Fund 
December 31, 2025 
 
   
1 
FOURTH QUARTER, 2025 
• The Fund (Investor Class) underperformed the 
benchmark, the MSCI World ex USA Index, for 
the quarter, but outperformed the benchmark 
for the calendar year and since inception.      
• At the sector level, health care and financials 
were the largest contributors to performance, 
while consumer staples was the only detractor 
from performance. 
• Geographically, the top three regional alloca-
tions are 68.1% in Europe ex U.K., 13.8% in the 
U.K. and 8.7% in the Asia ex Japan. For the 
quarter, Germany, Switzerland and France were 
top contributors to performance. China, the U.S. 
and Ireland were top detractors from perfor-
mance. Emerging markets accounted for 10.2% 
of the portfolio. 
• Valuations across many international markets 
remain relatively attractive even after a year of 
strong returns. The opportunity set has shifted 
somewhat toward more stable, higher quality 
businesses and we are taking advantage of 
that opportunity. 
 
TOP CONTRIBUTOR | DETRACTOR 
 
Top contributor 
Bayer was the top contributor during the quarter. 
Two anticipated events developed in the 
company’s favor. First, Bayer enjoyed a positive 
readout on the company’s stroke drug, Asundexian, 
which met its primary endpoint in a recent phase III 
trial. Asundexian has the potential to be a 
blockbuster and support a return to growth for the 
Pharmaceuticals business, in our opinion. Second, 
the United States Solicitor General recommended 
that the Supreme Court hear Bayer’s appeal in 
Durnell v. Monsanto, increasing the odds that the 
RoundUp matter is heard by the Court. Both events 
support our investment thesis for Bayer as 
management works to turn around fundamental 
performance and contain litigation risk.   
 
 
Fourth-quarter highlights 
Top contributors 
• Bayer 
• DSV 
• Samsung Electronics Pfd 
Top detractors 
• Alibaba Group 
• CNH Industrial 
• Dassault Systemes 
New purchases 
• AstraZeneca ADR 
• IMCD NV 
• Sanofi 
• Symrise 
• Unilever 
Final sales 
• Exor 
• Komatsu 
• Mercedes-Benz Group 
• Novartis 
• SKF Cl B 
• Sandvik 
• Schroders 
• Worldline 
 
QUARTERLY COMMENTARY — OAKMARK INTERNATIONAL FUND 
December 31, 2025 
 
 
2 
Top detractor 
Alibaba Group  was the top detractor during the 
quarter. The China -headquartered technology 
conglomerate’s stock price declined as it reported 
mixed results. The core E -commerce business con-
tinues to perform well, and Cloud revenue growth is 
accelerating. However, the company’s earnings 
were negatively impacted due to significant spend-
ing on subsidies to grow their Quick Commerce busi-
ness, in our opinion. We believe losses from Quick 
Commerce will be reduced over time and continue 
to believe the company is well -positioned for long-
term growth, having been one of the early investors 
in Chinese AI. Over time, we think it can leverage its 
advanced capabilities and leading market position 
to unlock further value.   
 
PORTFOLIO ACTIVITY 
 
New purchases 
AstraZeneca is one of the largest pharmaceutical 
companies in the world. It researches, develops and 
commercializes prescription medicines designed to 
treat lung and breast cancers, cardiorenal diseases, 
respiratory problems and other rare diseases. We 
believe AstraZe neca's robust on -market portfolio 
and sector-leading late-stage pipeline provide an 
attractive growth profile. Moreover, we believe the 
company can build on its long track record of a pro-
ductive research and development program, 
thanks to its innovative cu lture and exceptional 
management team. CEO Pascal Soriot is one of the 
industry’s best executives, and he has cultivated a 
deep bench of talent, a robust decision- making 
framework and a differentiated R&D culture that 
should drive strong growth for years to come, in our 
view. Recent concerns over United States regula-
tions have overshadowed AstraZeneca’s merits and 
weighed on the broader pharmaceutical industry. 
This opened a window for us to purchase shares of 
this company at a price well below our estimate  of 
its intrinsic value. 
IMCD is a global leader in the marketing, sales and 
distribution of specialty chemicals and ingredients. 
The company is widely regarded as best -in-class, 
benefiting from a highly technical salesforce and 
extensive global scale. These strengths make IMCD 
a preferred partner, enabling it to drive consistent 
organic growth, enhance visibility across distribution 
channels, and streamline points of contact for cus-
tomers and suppliers alike. IMCD specializes in the 
"true specialties" area of the market, where che mi-
cals or ingredients often have a material impact on 
end-product performance. That translates into sig-
nificant pricing power and demand inelasticity – 
market features we find particularly attractive. De-
spite strong fundamentals, the stock price has fallen 
significantly due to a combination of cyclical down-
turn and market fears that we believe are over-
stated. This presented us with the opportunity to in-
vest in a well- managed company with substantial 
M&A opportunities that we think should re-rate over 
the long term. 
Sanofi is a global pharmaceutical company devel-
oping biologics, vaccines and healthcare solutions 
to prevent and treat a wide range of conditions in 
immunology, hemophilia, rare diseases and general 
medicine. We think there is a lot to be excited about 
as management has prioritized innovation by ag-
gressively investing in research and development to 
cultivate a pipeline of promising products. Despite 
strong fundamentals, the stock has been weighed 
down by a volatile year for the vaccine market, in-
vestor conc erns about patent cliffs and minimal 
value ascription to its pipeline. This created the op-
portunity for us to invest in a company we believe is 
improving, with a long runway for future growth as 
vaccine markets normalize and new product po-
tential is realized. 
Symrise is a global leader in the development of fla-
vors, fragrances, and specialty ingredients used 
across food, beverages and consumer products. 
We find the industry's consolidated structure attrac-
tive and value Symrise's leading positions in pet food 
 
QUARTERLY COMMENTARY — OAKMARK INTERNATIONAL FUND 
December 31, 2025 
 
 
3 
palatability, beverage flavors and personal care in-
gredients that are well supported by its broad port-
folio and long -standing customer relationships. 
While these ingredients represent a small portion of 
the total cost of goods sold, they are critical to the 
performance and differentiation of the end prod-
uct, creating sticky long -term buyer -seller relation-
ships. We also appreciate management's renewed 
focus on profitability and cash flow, with early signs 
of positive operational and financial inflection sup-
porting improved results going forward. Despite this 
strong outlook, we believe that the stock has under-
performed recently due to stalling organic growth 
under previous leadership, creating an attractive 
entry point for us to invest in a company poised for 
growth that is trading at a significant discount to our 
estimate of intrinsic value. 
Unilever is a global consumer goods company that 
develops and markets everyday food and personal 
care brands for billions of consumers worldwide. An-
chored by iconic brands such as Dove, Knorr, Hell-
mann’s and Vaseline, Unilever’s refreshed manage-
ment team is driving  improved execution and stra-
tegic discipline to deliver more consistent growth, 
with a focus on higher -margin categories. Specifi-
cally, we appreciate their undertaking of various 
self-help initiatives, including cost-savings programs 
and brand divestments, which we believe will help 
unlock sustained value in the future. Despite Unile-
ver's strong outlook, it trades at a discount to its peer 
group as prior undermanagement has resulted in 1% 
volume growth for the past decade. This provided 
us the opportunity to invest in a strong company 
with leading brands and an improved manage-
ment team that is poised to increase per- share 
value. 
 
 
 
 
PORTFOLIO MANAGERS* 
(Year joined Harris | Oakmark) 
David G. Herro, CFA (1992)  
Tony Coniaris, CFA (1999) 
Eric Liu, CFA (2009) 
 
*Effective July 1, 2025 Tony Coniaris replaced Michael 
Manelli as a portfolio manager of the Fund. 
 
QUARTERLY COMMENTARY — OAKMARK INTERNATIONAL FUND 
December 31, 2025 
 
 
4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Past performance is no guarantee of future results. The per-
formance data quoted represents past performance. Cur-
rent performance may be lower or higher than the perfor-
mance data quoted. Total return includes change in share 
prices and, in each case, includes reinvestment of divi-
dends and capital gain distributions. The investment return 
and principal value vary so that an investor’s shares, when 
redeemed, may be worth more or less than the original 
cost. 
 
The securities mentioned above comprise the following per-
centages of the Oakmark International  Fund’s total net as-
sets as of 12/31/2025: Alibaba Group 1.7%, AstraZeneca ADR 
1.3%, Bayer 2.3%, CNH Industrial 2.2%, Dassault Systemes 
2.3%, DSV 2.2%, Exor 0%, IMCD NV 1.0%, Komatsu 0%, Mer-
cedes-Benz Group 0%, Novartis 0%, Samsung Electronics Pfd 
1.8%, Sandvik 0%, Sanofi 1.3%, Schroders 0%, SKF Cl B 0%, Sym-
rise 1.3%, Unilever 1.4% and Worldline 0%.  Portfolio holdings 
are subject to change without notice and are not intended 
as recommendations of individual stocks. 
Access the full list of holdings for the Oakmark International 
Fund here or visit www.oakmark.com. 
The information, data, analyses, and opinions presented 
herein (including current investment themes, the portfolio 
managers’ research and investment process, and portfolio 
characteristics) are for informational purposes only and rep-
resent the investments and views of the portfolio managers 
and Harris Associates L.P. as of the date written and are sub-
ject to change and may change based on market and 
other conditions without notice.  
This content is not a recommendation of or an offer to buy 
or sell a security and is not  warranted to be correct, com-
plete or accurate. 
Certain comments herein are based on current expectations 
and are considered “forward-looking statements.” These for-
ward-looking statements reflect assumptions and analyses 
made by the portfolio managers and Harris Associates L.P. 
based on their experience and perception of historical 
trends, current conditions, expected future developments, 
and other factors they believe are relevant. Actual future re-
sults are subject to a number of investment and other risks 
and may prove to be different from expectations. Readers 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward -
looking statements. 
The MSCI World ex USA Index (Net) is a free float -adjusted, 
market capitalization -weighted index that is designed to 
measure international developed market equity perfor-
mance, excluding the U.S. The index covers approximately 
85% of the free float -adjusted market capitalization in each 
country. This benchmark calculates reinvested dividends net 
of withholding taxes. This index is unmanaged and investors 
cannot invest directly in this index. 
AVERAGE ANNUALIZED TOTAL RETURNS (%)   
 
Inception 
date QTD YTD 1 yr 3 yrs 5 yrs 10 yrs 
Since          
inception  
Expense  
ratio  
Investor Class | 
OAKIX 09/30/1992 4.83 32.37 32.37 14.48 6.65 6.78 8.84 1.05 
Advisor Class | 
OAYIX 11/30/2016 4.84 32.58 32.58 14.67 6.84 6.93 8.89 0.88 
Institutional Class | 
OANIX 11/30/2016 4.89 32.70 32.70 14.77 6.91 7.00 8.91 0.81 
R6 Class | 
OAZIX 
12/15/2020 4.89 32.73 32.73 14.82 6.97 7.02 8.92 0.75 
MSCI World ex USA 
Index  5.20 31.85 31.85 17.64 9.46 8.55 6.62  
MSCI World ex USA 
Value Index  8.15 42.23 42.23 21.58 13.94 9.16 n/a  
 
Expense ratios are as of the Fund’s most recent prospectus dated January 28, 2025, as amended and restated January 30, 2025, March 14, 2025 and May 19, 2025; actual expenses may vary.  Returns for 
periods less than one year are not annualized. Since inception returns for the indexes are calculated based on the Investor Class inception date. “Linked performance”: Advisor and Institutional Class shares 
commenced operations on 11/30/2016. The performance attributed to the those share classes prior to that date is that of the I nvestor Class shares from 9/30/1992 -11/30/2016. Performance prior to 
11/30/2016 has not been adjusted to reflect the lower expenses of Advisor and Institutional Class shares which would have had similar, but potentially higher returns due to lower expenses. R6 Class shares 
commenced operations on 12/15/2020. The performance attributed to the R6 Class shares prior to that date is that of the Investor Class shares from 9/30/1992-11/30/2016, and then the performance of the 
Institutional Class shares from 11/30/2016 -12/15/2020. Performance prior to 12/15/2020 has not been adjuste d to reflect the lower expenses of R6 Class shares.  During this period, R6 Class shares would 
have had similar, but potentially higher returns due to lower expenses. 
 
QUARTERLY COMMENTARY — OAKMARK INTERNATIONAL FUND 
December 31, 2025 
 
 
5 
The MSCI World ex USA Value Index (Net) represents returns 
for large- and mid-cap securities exhibiting overall value style 
characteristics across 22 of 23 Developed Markets (exclud-
ing the United States). The value investment style character-
istics for index construction are based on book value -to-
price, 12- month forward earnings- to-price, and dividend 
yield. The Total Return Index (Net) includes reinvested divi-
dends net of foreign withholding tax. This index is unman-
aged and investors cannot invest directly in this index. 
On occasion, Harris may determine, based on its analysis of 
a particular multi-national issuer, that a country classification 
different from MSCI best reflects the issuer’s country of invest-
ment risk. In these instances, reports with country weights and 
performance attribution will differ from reports using MSCI 
classifications. Harris uses its own country classifications in its 
reporting processes, and these classifications are reflected 
in the included materials. 
Investing involves risk; principal loss is possible. There is no 
guarantee the Fund's investment objective will be achieved. 
Value stocks may fall out of favor with investors and under-
perform growth stocks during given periods. F oreign securi-
ties presents risks that in some ways may be greater than U.S. 
investments. Those risks include: currency fluctuation; differ-
ent regulation, accounting standards, trading practices and 
levels of available information; generally higher transaction 
costs; and political risks.  The Fund’s portfolio tends to be in-
vested in a relatively small number of stocks. As a result, the 
appreciation or depreciation of any one security held by the 
Fund will have a greater impact on the Fund’s net asset 
value than it would if the Fund invested in a larger number of 
securities. Although that strategy has the potential to gener-
ate attractive returns over time, it also increases the Fund’s 
volatility. These and other risk considerations are described in 
detail in the Fund’s prospectus. 
All information provided is as of 12/31/2025 unless otherwise 
specified. 
Before investing in any Oakmark Fund, you should carefully 
consider the Fund's investment objectives, risks, manage-
ment fees and other expenses. This and other important in-
formation is contained in a Fund's prospectus and summary 
prospectus. Please read the prospectus and summary pro-
spectus carefully before investing. For more information, 
please visit Oakmark.com or call 1 -800-OAKMARK (1 -800-
625-6275). 
Natixis Distribution, LLC (Member FINRA | SIPC), a limited 
purpose broker-dealer and the distributor of various regis-
tered investment companies for which advisory services are 
provided by affiliates of Natixis Investment Managers, is a 
marketing agent for the Oakmark Funds. 
Harris Associates Securities L.P., Distributor, Member FINRA. 
 
FCM-4873IX-04/26
 