 
 
7 January 2026 
Third Point Master Fund1 
Monthly Update: December 2025 Performance 
 
December 2025 Performance Highlights 
• Third Point Offshore Fund, Ltd. returned 0.7% in December 2025. 
• The top contributors for the month  included transportation company DSV A/S, enterprise 
technology company Nvidia Corp., and financial company Capital One Financial Corp. 
• The top detractors for the month included infrastructure software company Microsoft Corp., 
a private company, and media and internet company Informa PLC.  
 
Net Performance 
 MTD QTD YTD 
Third Point Offshore Fund, Ltd.2 0.7% 1.9% 8.9% 
 
Current Malibu Life Asset Mix3 
Third Point Offshore Fund, Ltd. 88% 
Malibu Life Reinsurance SPC 12% 
 
Portfolio Detail4 
The net weightings of the strategy at period-end were 71.6% in Equity, 34.2% in Credit, 4.9% in Privates 
and 3.1% in Other. A breakdown of positions, including major contributors and detractors, is provided 
below. For further detail please visit:  
https://www.malibulifeinsurance.com/resources/ 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 EXPOSURE GROSS MTD P&L5 NET MTD 
P&L6 
GROSS YTD P&L5 NET YTD 
P&L6 
 LONG SHORT NET LONG SHORT NET NET LONG SHORT NET NET 
 
Equity 120.0% -48.4% 71.6% 1.3% -0.2% 1.1% 0.8% 14.5% -2.9% 11.6% 7.7% 
 
Credit 34.2% 0.0% 34.2% 0.2% 0.0% 0.2% 0.1% 2.8% -0.1% 2.7% 2.0% 
 
Privates 4.9% 0.0% 4.9% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% 0.0% -0.1% -0.2% -0.4% 
 
Other7 3.1% 0.0% 3.1% -0.1% -0.1% -0.2% -0.2% -0.1% -0.1% -0.2% -0.3% 
 
Total 162.2% -48.4% 113.8% 1.4% -0.4% 1.0% 0.7% 17.2% -3.2% 13.9% 8.9% 
 
Portfolio Detail 
MTD Contributors8 
DSV A/S (transportation company) 
Nvidia Corp. (enterprise technology company) 
Capital One Financial Corp. (financial company) 
SK Square Co. Ltd. (enterprise technology company) 
SK Hynix (memory semiconductor company) 
MTD Detractors8 
Microsoft Corp. (infrastructure software company) 
Private 
Informa PLC (media and internet company) 
Vistra Corp. (utility company) 
Ebara Corp. (industrials and materials company) 
YTD Contributors8 
Siemens Energy AG (energy company) 
Nvidia Corp. (enterprise technology company) 
United States Steel Corp. (industrials and materials company) 
TSMC (semiconductor company) 
Phoenix Financial Ltd. (financial company) 
 
 
 
 
 
YTD Detractors8 
Kenvue Inc. (consumer staples company) 
Pacific Gas and Electric Co. (utility company) 
Primo Brands Corp. (beverage company) 
Microsoft Corp. (infrastructure software company) 
London Stock Exchange Group PL (financial company) 
Top Gross Equity Longs8 
 
Nvidia Corp. (enterprise technology company) 
Pacific Gas and Electric Co. (utility company) 
Kenvue Inc. (consumer staples company) 
Amazon.com Inc. (e-commerce company) 
Microsoft Corp. (infrastructure software company) 
Top Gross Corporate Credit Longs8,9 
 
X Corp. (enterprise technology company) 
Bausch Health Cos Inc. (healthcare company) 
X.AI Corp. (enterprise technology company) 
Connect Holding II LLC (telecommunications company) 
MPH Acquisition Holdings LLC (healthcare company) 
 
Press Enquiries 
Kekst CNC (PR Adviser to the Company) 
Richard Campbell 
Tel: +44 7775 784933 
Guy Bates 
Tel: +44 7581 056415 
Katherine Kilgallen  
Tel: +44 7581 068251 
 
Footnotes 
 
1 This report is being furnished to shareholders of Malibu Life Holdings Limited (the “Company”). The Company completed the 
acquisition of Malibu Life Reinsurance SPC on September 12, 2025, and changed its name to Malibu Life Holdings Limited on 
September 22, 2025. Currently, the Company invests a majority of its assets into Third Point Offshore Fund, Ltd. (the “Fund”). 
The Fund is a feeder fund in a master-feeder structure to the Third Point Master Fund LP. 
 
2 Net MTD, QTD and YTD performance shows indicative performance for a new issues eligible investor in the highest 
management fee (2% per annum), in addition to leverage factor multiple, if applicable, and incentive allocation rate (20%) 
class of each Fund, who has participated in all side pocket private investments (as applicable). Net performance reflects the 
deduction of operating expenses paid by the Fund during the period, and, unless otherwise noted, is inclusive of legacy 
private investments. New Series performance excludes legacy venture an d other private -related investments and was 
launched on June 1, 2023. An individual investor’s performance may vary based on timing of capital transactions. 
 
3 Data provided represents the percentage of the assets of the Company and are as of August 31, 2025.  
4 The sum of long and short exposure percentages and the sum of gross long and short MTD and YTD P&L percentages may 
not visually add to the corresponding net figure due to rounding. Subtotals of long, short, and/or net exposure percentages 
 
 
 
and MTD and YTD P&L percentages may not visually match the corresponding subtotal in another section of the report due 
to rounding.  
5 Gross P&L attribution does not reflect the deduction of management fees, incentive allocations and any other expenses 
which may be incurred in the management of the fund.  An investor’s actual return will be reduced by such fees and expenses.  
See Part 2A of the Adviser's Form ADV for a complete description of the management fees and incentive allocations 
customarily charged by Adviser.  
 
6 Net P&L attribution reflects the allocation of the highest management fee (2% per annum), in addition to leverage factor 
multiple, if applicable, and incentive allocation rate (20%), and pro rata share of expenses paid by the Fund during the 
applicable period, to the aggregate underlying positions in the referenced sub -portfolio group’s gross P&L, or referenced 
individual position level gross P&L, as applicable. The management fees and operating expenses are allocated for the period 
proportionately based on the average gross exposure of the aggregate underlying positions of the referenced sub-portfolio 
group. The implied incentive allocation is based on the deduction of management fee and expense ratio from the Fund level 
gross P&L attribution for the period. Th e incentive allocation is accrued for each period to only those positions within the 
referenced sub-portfolio group with i) positive P&L and ii) if during the current MTD period there is an incentive allocation. 
In MTD periods where there is a reversal of previously accrued incentive allocation, the impact of the reversal will be based 
on the previous month’s YTD accrued incentive allocation. The assume operating expense ratio noted herein is applied 
uniformly across all underlying positions in the referenced sub -portfolio group given the inherent difficulty in determining 
and allocating the expenses on a sub-portfolio group basis. If expenses were to be allocated on a sub-portfolio group basis, 
the net P&L would likely be different for each referenced sub-portfolio group, as applicable.  
 
7 
 Includes currency hedges, macro investments, and receivables. Interest rate swaptions, rates and FX related investments are 
excluded from exposure figures. MTD and YTD P&L of Other includes net attribution of macro investments and certain P&L 
components not directly attributed to individual sub-asset classes such as gains and losses attributable to unhedged currency 
movements relative to USD, interest income and expense on cash balances, financing income and expense, etc. 
 
8 Excludes any confidential positions, portfolio level equity hedges and EU MAR related positions.  
9 Does not include private debt.  
10 Includes all funds and separately managed accounts managed by Third Point and its affiliates and participation notes issued 
by the applicable Third Point-managed funds relating to legacy private investments. 
 
 
Important Notes and Disclaimers 
 
Malibu Life Holdings Limited (the “Company”) formerly known as Third Point Investors Limited, completed the acquisition 
of Malibu Life Reinsurance SPC on September 12, 2025, and changed its name to Malibu Life Holdings Limited on 
September 22, 2025. Third Point Offshore Fund, Ltd.  (“Third Point Offshore”) is managed by Third Point LLC (“Third Point” 
or “Investment Manager”), an SEC -registered investment adviser headquartered in New York. Neither the securities 
regulatory authority of any state nor the SEC have approved the Funds and investments described herein and have not 
passed on the accuracy or adequacy of this document. Any representation to the contrary is unlawful. Unless otherwise 
stated, information relates to the Third Point Master Fund LP (the " Fund") inclusive of Legacy Private investments. 
Exposures are categorized in a manner consistent with the Investment Manager's classifications for portfolio and risk 
management purposes in its sole discretion.  
 
Unless otherwise stated, information relates to the Fund inclusive of legacy p rivate investments . Exposures are 
categorized in a manner consistent with the Investment Manager's classifications for portfolio and risk management 
purposes in its sole discretion.  
 
Performance results include the performance of legacy private investments and are presented net of management fees, 
brokerage commissions, administrative expenses, and accrued incentive allocation, if any, and include the reinvestment 
of all dividends, interest, and capital gains. While incentive allocations are accrued monthly, the y are deducted from 
investor balances only annually or upon withdrawal. From Fund inception through December 31, 2019, Third Point 
Offshore Fund, Ltd.'s historical performance has been calculated using the actual management fees, incentive allocations, 
and expenses paid by the Fund. The actual management fees and incentive allocations paid by the Fund reflect a blended 
rate of management fees and incentive allocations based on the weighted average of amounts invested in different share 
classes subject to different management fee and/or incentive allocation terms. Such management fee rates have ranged 
over time from 1.25% to 3% per annum. The amount of incentive allocations applicable to any one investor in the Fund 
will vary materially depending on numerous factors, including without limitation: the specific terms, the date of initial 
investment, the duration of investment, the date of withdrawal, and market conditions.  As such, the net performance 
shown for the Fund from inception through December 31, 2019 is not an estimate of any specific investor’s actual 
performance. During this period, had the highest management fee and incentive allocation been applied solely, 
performance results would likely be lower. For the period beginning January 1, 2020, the Fund ’s historical performance 
shows indicative performance for a new issues eligible investor in the highest management fee (2% per annum) and 
incentive allocation rate (20%) class of the Fund, who has participated in all side pocket private investments (as applicable) 
from March 1, 2021 onward. Net performance reflects the deduction of operating expenses paid by the Fund during the 
period. An individual investor’s performance may vary based on timing of capital transactions. The inception date for 
Third Point Offshore Fund, Ltd. is December 1, 1996. All performance results are estimates and past performance is not 
necessarily indicative of future results. All information provided herein is for informational purposes only and should not 
 
 
be deemed as a recommendation to buy or sell securities. All investments involve risk including the loss of principal. This 
transmission is confidential and may not be redistributed without the express written consent of Third Point LLC and does 
not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any security or investment product. Any such offer 
or solicitation may only be made by means of delivery of an approved confidential offering memorandum. The Funds’ 
performance information shown within includes net gains and losses from “new issues.” The market price for new issues 
is often subject to significant fluctuation, and investors who are eligible to participate in new issues may experience 
significant gains or losses. An investor wh o invests in a class of Interests that does not participate in new issues may 
experience performance that is different, perhaps materially, from the performance reflected above. All performance 
results are estimates and should not be regarded as final unti l audited financial statements are issued. The performance 
results of the Funds include unrealized gains and are based on valuations, which are not certain. Third Point values the 
securities and other instruments comprising the assets and liabilities of each Fund pursuant to Third Point’s written 
valuation policy, as it may be amended from time to time. A summary of Third Point’s valuation policy is available to any 
limited partner or potential investor upon request. Valuations assigned to an asset are not necessarily equivalent to the 
value that wo uld be realized on the sale of that asset, if sold. Please see the applicable Fund’s offering documents for 
additional information about valuations. 
While the performances of the Funds have been compared with the performance of well -known and widely recognized 
indices to provide insight as to the comparison of the performance information shown to that of well -known market 
indices, the indices holdings,  performance and volatility may differ significantly from the securities that comprise the 
Fund. Additionally, unlike the Funds, indices are unmanaged. Indices also cannot be used to predict the future results of 
any investment. The indices include the rei nvestment of dividends, interest and other earnings and have not been 
adjusted for management fees or expenses. No representation is made as to the risk profile of any indices relative to the 
risk profile of the Fund. Indices have material inherent limitat ions and should not be used as a basis for investment 
decisions. Investors cannot invest directly in an index (although one can invest in an index fund designed to closely track 
such index). The information related to the various indices is sourced from th e provider’s websites or Bloomberg. Third 
Point is not responsible for any historic revision made to the indices. Past performance is not necessarily indicative of 
future results.  
 
All information provided herein is for informational purposes only and should not be deemed as a recommendation to 
buy or sell securities. All investments involve risk including the loss of principal. An investment in the Fund is speculative, 
involves sign ificant risks of loss, and, by its terms will have restrictions on liquidity. An investor could lose all or a 
substantial portion of its investment. Investing in corporate credit involves various risks and the performance of the Fund 
can be adversely affected by a variety of factors that are outside the control of Third Point. Please see the applicable Fund 
PPM for a full discussion of such risks. This transmission is confidential and may not be redistributed without the express 
written consent of Third Point LLC and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any 
security or investment product. Any such offer or solicitation may only be made by means of delivery of an approved 
confidential offering memorandum.  
 
The Company has not been and will not be registered under the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 
“Investment Company Act”). In addition, the shares in the Company have not been and will not be registered under the 
US Securities Act of 1933,  as amended (the “Securities Act”). Consequently, shares in the Company may not be offered, 
sold or otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, US Persons (as defined in 
the Securities Act). No public offering of any shares in the Company is being, or has been, made in the United States.  
 
Information provided herein, or otherwise provided with respect to a potential investment in the Fund, may constitute 
non-public information regarding the Company, which is listed on the London Stock Exchange, and accordingly dealing or 
trading in the shares of the listed instrument on the basis of such information may violate securities laws in the United 
Kingdom, United States and elsewhere.  
 